Litecoin Roadmap 2017

Litecoin Core

Developers: shaolinfry, thrasher-
Release 0.13.3
Rebase Litecoin to Bitcoin Core 0.14.1
BIP173 - Bech32 addresses: more secure address format designed for segregated witness
M Addresses

Developers: coblee, wangxinxi
Switch Litecoin’s p2sh address prefix from ‘3’ to ‘M’
Help update various libraries to support the new address type.
Encourage adoption with large transaction producers and wallets including exchanges.
Android Wallet

Developers: electo
Relaunch our Android wallet
LoafWallet

Developers: losh11, mlpfrank
Add support for buying litecoins with Coinbase Buy Widget.
New UI.
New app tutorials
Android Wallet - LoafWallet Core C library.
Electrum-LTC

Developers: pooler
Release 2.8.3.2
Litecore/Insight

Developers: losh11, coblee, ultragtx
Add SegWit support to Litecore and Insight block explorer
Improve uptime as many products rely on it
Lightning Network

Developers: coblee, ultragtx, wangxinxi
Work with Lightning developers on building out the infrastructure for lightning network on Litecoin.
Work on cross chain atomic swap between Litecoin and Vertcoin.
Smart Crypto-Vault

Developers: jl2012
Add MAST, Covenants, and re-enable some Satoshi OP codes
Enable smart contract and secure Litecoin by output address designation
Litecoin.Network

Developers: losh11, mlpfrank, rjmacarthy
Litecoin.network is a project to be launched, that will track information regarding the Litecoin network, making it easily accessible and viewable in one place.
The site will also track development, network economics, mining and more specialised information such as mempool size.
Historic data available through API, and as a CSV file.
Litecoin Foundation

Managing Director: Charlie Lee
Directors: Charlie Lee, Xinxi Wang, Franklyn Richards
Community Advisor: Chandler Guo
Developers: losh11, fancycedar
Work on funding Litecoin developers by raising funds through means like donations and selling Litecoin branded items like Ledger Nano S, t-shirts.
Ensure financial transparency.
Hire full time developers to work on Litecoin Core.
Provide infrastructure for the Litecoin development team like Github/DigitalOcean/Slack/Mail services.
Refactoring Litecoin websites

Developers: losh11, mlpfrank
Litecoin.com - UI overhaul
Litecoin.org - fix broken links, and improve layout
Future Work

Schnorr Signatures
Confidential Transactions
Scaling research
About the team

Developers:

coblee (Charlie Lee)
electo (Faisal Mehmood)
fancycedar (Fan Yang)
jl2012 (Johnson Lau)
losh11 (Loshan T)
mlpfrank (Franklyn Richards)
pooler
rjmacarthy (Richard Macarthy)
shaolinfry
thrasher- (Adrian Gallagher)
ultragtx (Xinrong Guo)
void-main (Peng Sun)
wangxinxi (Xinxi Wang)
wtogami (Warren Togami)
Websites - https://litecoin.org/, https://litecoincore.org/

Twitter - @litecoincore

Litecoin Core is the Litecoin reference client. Featuring ‘full node’ capabilities to fully download and validate the Litecoin blockchain as well as wallet functionality to manage transactions. Litecoin Core is the most feature rich client out there and contains all the protocol rules required for the Litecoin network to function. This client is used by mining pools, merchants and services all over the world for its rock solid stability, featureset and security.

Contact the team

Litecoin developers are available on Freenode IRC, channel #litecoin-dev. Use your favorite IRC client or use the web-client here.
